Pass on examples + code formatting (#1261)
tweag/nickel: examples/record-contract/README.md

elements (such as `Port`), and assemble them into a schema for your end
configuration.

> Ideally, Kubernetes contract would be auto-generated from existing Kubernetes

Author: ```suggestion
Ideally, Kubernetes contracts would be auto-generated from existing Kubernetes
```

> Ideally, Kubernetes contract would be auto-generated from existing Kubernetes
> schema in a real world scenario.

Author: ```suggestion
Ideally, Kubernetes contracts would be auto-generated from existing Kubernetes
schemas in a real world scenario.
```
